Please review the following license agreement before installing or using the 
activeCollab, any individual plug-in component or other software product, and/or 
all related materials.

Definitions:
============
This A51 doo End-User Software License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement 
between you (either as an individual user, corporation or single entity) and 
A51 doo for the activeCollab software product - which includes computer 
software, and may include associated media, printed materials, and "online" or 
electronic documentation ("activeCollab" or "SOFTWARE"). By exercising your 
rights to install the activeCollab, you agree to be bound by the terms of this 
End User License Agreement ("EULA"), including the limitations and warranty 
disclaimers. If you do NOT agree to the terms of this EULA, you may not install 
nor use the activeCollab; If this is the case, please uninstall the activeCollab 
from your system immediately, and destroy all copies of the activeCollab and all 
of its component parts, source code, associated documentation, and related 
materials.

activeCollab License:
=====================
The activeCollab is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.
--------------------

This is a license agreement, and NOT an agreement for sale. A51 doo retains 
ownership of the copy of THE SOFTWARE in your possession, and all copies you may 
be licensed to make. A51 doo retains all rights not expressly granted to you in 
this LICENSE. A51 doo hereby grants to you, and you accept, a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable license to use, copy and modify THE SOFTWARE only as authorized 
below.

This EULA grants you the following rights:

You are granted a license AT A SINGLE WEBSITE LOCATION (URL). You are also 
prohibited to remove "activeCollab Powered" link at the bottom of the webpage, 
unless you purchase "Branding Removal" option which allows you to remove all 
marks of A51 doo or activeCollab.

In no case shall you rent, lease, lend, redistribute nor re-license activeCollab 
or any related source code to a 3rd party individual or entity. In no case shall 
you grant further redistribution rights for activeCollab to the end-users of 
your solution.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY THE SOURCE CODE OR THE COMPILED PRODUCT BE USED AS 
THE BASIS FOR CREATING A PRODUCT THAT CONTAINS THE SAME, OR SUBSTANTIALLY THE 
SAME, FUNCTIONALITY AS ANY A51 DOO PRODUCT.

2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
-----------------------------------------------

Termination: Without prejudice to any other rights, A51 doo may terminate this 
EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such 
event, you must destroy all copies of the activeCollab and all of its component 
parts, source code, associated documentation, and related materials.

3. COPYRIGHT.
-------------

All title and copyrights in and to the activeCollab (including but not limited 
to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets" 
incorporated into the activeCollab), the accompanying printed materials, and any 
copies of the activeCollab are owned by A51 doo.

The activeCollab is protected by U.S. copyright laws and international treaty 
provisions. Therefore, you must treat the activeCollab like any other 
copyrighted material.

4. LIMITED WARRANTY.
--------------------

NO WARRANTIES. A51 doo expressly disclaims any warranty for the activeCollab. 
The activeCollab and any related documentation is provided "as is" without 
warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, without 
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance 
of the activeCollab remains with you.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
---------------------------

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. In no event shall A51 doo or its 
distributors be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of 
business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or 
inability to use this A51 doo product (activeCollab) and related materials, even 
if A51 doo has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some 
states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential 
or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.